[DOCS-15167] Remove DD_OP_GRACEFUL_SHUTDOWN_LIMIT_SECS references (#38565)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/byoc-logs/operate/disk_buffer_durability.md

During a scale-down or rollout, a Worker stops accepting new logs and sends its buffered logs to the BYOC Logs engine. If the Worker exits before the buffer is empty, the logs remain on its persistent volume until a replacement Worker reattaches that volume.

> The `terminationGracePeriodSeconds` setting controls how long Kubernetes waits before terminating the pod, giving the Worker time to empty its buffer before exiting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `terminationGracePeriodSeconds` setting controls how long Kubernetes waits before terminating the pod. This gives the Worker time to empty its buffer before exiting.
```
